it it's just pure old-fashioned racism I
believe that the progressives in
Academia they believe that racial and
ethnic minorities are inferior I'm sure
you have heard or you're familiar with
the fact that there are progressives who
have labeled Booker Washington's up from
slavery as a fiction a work of fiction
and
so the progressives they have to
maintain this thing of all minorities
being victims and black people and
people of color not being able to do
anything for themselves and when they
run across those of us who defy that
narrative there's no place for us and in
my experiences they have always rewarded
those that fit the stereotype